Add fd_path builtin function (#1060)
iovisor/bpftrace: docs/reference_guide.md

- `ustack([StackMode mode, ][int level])` - User stack trace
- `ntop([int af, ]int|char[4|16] addr)` - Convert IP address data to text
- `cat(char *filename)` - Print file content

> - `fd_path(int fd)` - Returns path of the file refferenced with file descriptor in argument

Reviewer: same as below

@[mpv, tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_getpid]: 31178
@[mpv, tracepoint:syscalls:sys_enter_futex]: 403868
```

> ## 20. `fd_path()`: Returns path of the file refferenced with file descriptor in argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 20. `fd_path()`: Returns path of the file referenced by file descriptor in argument
```
